hello everyone my name is Olya and in
today's video wanted to show you how
at home you can do energy or
energy drink as his yet
called
for this we need quite a bit
ingredients it's just a little cup
tea
Now it's on a jar I opened
everything is now critical and a little sugar
unless of course love everything sweeter like me
askorbinki and also slightly boiled
hot water and a little cold well
also to do all this work
we will need another blender mixer or
something to mix it all up
beginnings we put all the excess in
side take our cup and pour it here
somewhere around 100 milliliters of hot water
maybe I filled even a little more but I'm afraid
it will not hurt us now take
about that much sugar I don't know
how much do I not know how to pour out here and
stir sugar quickly dissolved
now we need to add three here
tea bag
take three tea bags it
the best option well, although you can and 2 and
here we lay them down and wait for the full brew
about two with foam three minutes can
be even 5
and our tea or chifir is shown
you can even call we need to do
some other actions themselves aside and
proceed take another cup in it
we pour about the same hundred
fifty or one hundred milliliters but already
cold ordinary water now take
askorbinki and throw them water and interfere
so that they dissolve on this
a jar of 250 milliliters of cola
need a little baby ck just 15
even in principle I can be 10
considered that a lot of ascorbic acid
it is also harmful and not at all useful
so threw here either ten or
eleven stuff I did not count write
in the comment how many pieces are here now
this we need to stir up practically
complete dissolution as I planned
until the full distance came out nothing
interfere but it does not hurt you can leave
here are such small after all the garage
so that they remain a hole of time in our
now we can brew from it
take out tea bags now this
do somewhere and put them in
the side and here's what happened, that's what
we need so now proceed to
next steps take a funnel and
ruler i don't
already how correctly for sure many of
You remember the video how to make a sprite was
on my channel is a video there I said
what do we need to do a watering can
and when it said just a bunch of people on
dog in the comments what to check funnel
Well, this one is a funnel or a watering can
now we fill in what we have done
first tea that is chifir and then it
what did i do with ascorbic me
this one with the baskets there and
fill well we can understand our
funnel and proceed with mixing
just turn on the blender
In general, the people I do not know why so
the color has changed a lot
the drink that we just got with you
but I prepared this color somehow
I like it because I think the drink
will be really refreshing invigorating
really giving energy I won't tell
what's yummy let's it now
I'll try in general, I poured everything in a jar
from under the cola and left exactly as much
how much and the beginning was necessary and
you need to put it in the fridge now
then I will try to call him now I'm lying
like that same jar of cola so
the most and the drugs that turned out on
really quite good exactly how
you will be if you do not cook well not
only taste even like i approve of it
since black tea with
ascorbinka mida I sure as a taste
cool and i like it i will
do yourself so what about effects like
energy so it really works
works well like other drugs
just a little late somewhere through
half an hour of the body what is his drink and what
like friends and like comment and
share the video with your friends